now let's do the tutorials for
ride our ipad good as we open
box
and here we have the manual
instructions
some stickers that if they are going to put me the
jimbal
we have to put in the end
the phantom
the support for something pro
the landing gear
A battery
the rc station
the cable for updating the
phantom
and he
the first thing we have to do before
you are welcome
is to charge the battery that we have
we will connect hector plug
toward
to food
and here where are the three slots
where you put e3
then this is to load slower and
fastest 3 amps and the kind of
battery that is lipo
while we charge the battery
let's go preparing
our canton here where the battery goes
the two antennas
the system for the compass for the
gps calibration and 10 cable
feeding for the sea gym
once for lack of landing
we will connect the compass
ah
we will put the batteries to the station
and it's already seen for
to fly